Updating documentation (#186)
ASUS-AICS/LibMultiLabel: docs/cli/linear.rst

Training and Prediction for Linear Classifiers
==============================================

For a step-by-step tutorial, see

    - :ref:`cli-quickstart`

For the documentation on some commonly used command line flags,
see

    - :ref:`linear_train`
    - :ref:`linear_predict`

> For the complete set of command line flags see

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the complete set of command line flags, see
```

    mkdir -p data/rcv1
    cd data/rcv1

> Linear methods takes both textual and numeric data as inputs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Linear methods take either textual or bag-of-words numeric data as inputs.
```

                    --data_dir DATA_DIR \
                    --linear \
                    --liblinear_options=LIBLINEAR_OPTIONS \
                    --linear_technique MULTILABEL_TECHNIQUE \
                    --data_format DATA_FORMAT

- **config**: Path to a configuration file. Command line options
  may be specified here instead. See `Command Line Options <flags.html>`_ for more details.

The linear classifiers are based on
`LIBLINEAR <https://www.csie.ntu.edu.tw/~cjlin/liblinear/>`_,
and its options may be specified.

- **data_dir**: The path to data directory.
  If test data is available, also evaluates the trained model on the test data.

- **linear**: This option specifies that linear models should be ran,
  as opposed to running neural network models.

- **liblinear_options**: An
  `option string for LIBLINEAR <https://github.com/cjlin1/liblinear>`_.
  For example

    .. code-block:: bash

        --liblinear_options='-s 2 -B 1 -e 0.0001 -q'

- **linear_technique**: An option for multi-label techniques.
  It should be one of:
  ``1vsrest`` (one-vs-rest),
  ``thresholding`` (thresholding),
  and ``cost_sensitive`` (cost-sensitive).

> - **data_format**: The data format, it should be one of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **data_format**: The data format. It should be one of
```

  ``txt`` (LibMultiLabel format),
  ``svm`` (LibSVM format).
  See `Dataset Formats <ov_data_format.html#dataset-formats>`_
  for more details on accepted data formats.

.. _linear_predict:

Prediction
^^^^^^^^^^

> To predict a test set on a previously trained model, use

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To predict a test set by applying a previously trained model, use
```
